So let's talk about a few Use Cases
for Config that can appear in the exam.
The first one is to audit IAM policies,
and making sure that they are fully compliant,
and that they don't give, for example,
too much permissions to your users.
The second one is to detect
whether or not CloudTrail has been disabled,
it's very important.
You can also detect if EC2 instances are created
with unapproved AMIs.
You can detect if Security Groups are open to the public.
You can detect if Internet Gateways are added
to unauthorized VPC, so that your VPC that are
supposed to remain private will remain private.
You can detect if your EBS volumes are encrypted or not,
and if your RDS databases are made public.
So, let's talk about some automation for AWS Config.
So, let's talk about expired IAM Keys.
So with Config, for example, you can define a rule
to detect whether or not IAM keys are expired,
it's called Access-Keys-Rotated.
And in case something is non-compliant,
this will trigger Amazon EventBridge,
which can in turn invoke a Lambda function
to actually rotate these Access Keys,
or an SNS topic to notify the users,
or even to rotate Access Keys if you wanted to
hook your Lambda function to that SNS topic.
Another option, as you know for Config,
is to use Automated Remediations through SSM Automation.
So in case Config is detected to be non-compliant,
we can automatically trigger an SSM Automation,
which will, for example, rotate our Access Keys.
Alright, that's it for Config, I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.